Master master
You want to sign up your son
To rush to the door in front of so many people
You and Zhao Lingfeng share a nest of snakes and mice
It is the biggest cancer in the future
This shameless villain can't do good at all
Do something straight
Do I deserve to be a straight man?
It's not up to a small character like you to decide
Good day is a good day for all disciples
It's not your one-word party
The Dragon Motherland will never let you steal the imperial master
That's not something you two dead people should worry about
Ye Wuji must die today
You are happy too early
It's not certain who will kill whom
Hmph, show your spiritual power to scare me
A mere four products
I am a fifth grade
How dare you fight with me
Oh, Senior Brother Ye is reckless
Yes, although the master is shameless
But he has no cultivation base
Senior Brother Ye, how can a fourth-rank rival him?
I think Senior Brother Ye is finished
What a pity, such a great talent
Hey
So what?
Higher degree
You're just a scumbag
court death